README.md, before:

# There Was Time Now
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - manually created to include non-github users -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-2-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/pbr4ne/there-was-time-now)
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=pbr4ne_there-was-time-now&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=pbr4ne_deep-sparkle)
![Still Time](https://img.shields.io/badge/is%20there%20still%20time%3F-...yes%3F-4361EE)

An incremental game about "science" and "time".

Play it here: https://pbr4ne.github.io/there-was-time-now<br>

[pbr4ne](https://github.com/pbr4ne) - development<br>
[James Funfer](https://jamesfunfer.com) - writing & narrative<br><br>

This game was created for the [2022 New Year's Incremental Game Jam](https://itch.io/jam/new-years-incremental-game-jam/entries). There is some work to be done:<br>
[![Bugs](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=pbr4ne_there-was-time-now&metric=bugs)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=pbr4ne_there-was-time-now)<br>
[![Code Smells](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=pbr4ne_there-was-time-now&metric=code_smells)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=pbr4ne_there-was-time-now)<br>
[![Coverage](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=pbr4ne_there-was-time-now&metric=coverage)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=pbr4ne_there-was-time-now)<br>
[![Duplicated Lines (%)](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=pbr4ne_there-was-time-now&metric=duplicated_lines_density)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=pbr4ne_there-was-time-now)<br>

## Installation

Instructions to set up the project locally can be found [here](installation.md).

## Credits

Please see [credits](credits.md) for a list of all dependencies and their licenses.

## Special callout to

| Library | Description |
| :------ | :---------- |
| [naive-ui](https://github.com/TuSimple/naive-ui) | Awesome Vue 3 component library |
| [xicons](https://github.com/07akioni/xicons) | Icon library |
| [localforage](https://github.com/localForage/localForage) | Web app storage wrapper |
| [vue-timer-hook](https://github.com/riderx/vue-timer-hook) | Vue 3 hook to handle timers |
| [vue-confetti-explosion](https://github.com/valgeirb/vue-confetti-explosion) | Confetti! |
| [credit-roll](https://github.com/libscie/credit-roll) | Markdown credits generator |
| [fontget](https://www.fontget.com) | Free fonts (used in header) |

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - manually created to include non-github users -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/pbr4ne"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/22901953?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>pbr4ne</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/pbr4ne/there-was-time-now/commits?author=pbr4ne" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#design-pbr4ne" title="UI Design">🎨</a><a href="#ideas-pbr4ne" title="Game Design">🤔</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://jamesfunfer.com"><img src="https://i.postimg.cc/zDjhDgBP/jf.jpg" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>James Funfer</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#narrative-jfunfer" title="Narrative">🖋</a><a href="#ideas-jfunfer" title="Game Design">🤔</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

docs: add itch.io link

README.md, after:

# There Was Time Now
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - manually created to include non-github users -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-2-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/pbr4ne/there-was-time-now)
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=pbr4ne_there-was-time-now&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=pbr4ne_deep-sparkle)
![Still Time](https://img.shields.io/badge/is%20there%20still%20time%3F-...yes%3F-4361EE)

An incremental game about "science" and "time".

Play it [here on github](https://pbr4ne.github.io/there-was-time-now) or on [itch.io](https://pbrane.itch.io/there-was-time-now)<br>

[pbr4ne](https://github.com/pbr4ne) - development<br>
[James Funfer](https://jamesfunfer.com) - writing & narrative<br><br>

This game was created for the [2022 New Year's Incremental Game Jam](https://itch.io/jam/new-years-incremental-game-jam/entries). There is some work to be done:<br>
[![Bugs](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=pbr4ne_there-was-time-now&metric=bugs)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=pbr4ne_there-was-time-now)<br>
[![Code Smells](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=pbr4ne_there-was-time-now&metric=code_smells)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=pbr4ne_there-was-time-now)<br>
[![Coverage](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=pbr4ne_there-was-time-now&metric=coverage)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=pbr4ne_there-was-time-now)<br>
[![Duplicated Lines (%)](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=pbr4ne_there-was-time-now&metric=duplicated_lines_density)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=pbr4ne_there-was-time-now)<br>

## Installation

Instructions to set up the project locally can be found [here](installation.md).

## Credits

Please see [credits](credits.md) for a list of all dependencies and their licenses.

## Special callout to

| Library | Description |
| :------ | :---------- |
| [naive-ui](https://github.com/TuSimple/naive-ui) | Awesome Vue 3 component library |
| [xicons](https://github.com/07akioni/xicons) | Icon library |
| [localforage](https://github.com/localForage/localForage) | Web app storage wrapper |
| [vue-timer-hook](https://github.com/riderx/vue-timer-hook) | Vue 3 hook to handle timers |
| [vue-confetti-explosion](https://github.com/valgeirb/vue-confetti-explosion) | Confetti! |
| [credit-roll](https://github.com/libscie/credit-roll) | Markdown credits generator |
| [fontget](https://www.fontget.com) | Free fonts (used in header) |

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - manually created to include non-github users -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/pbr4ne"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/22901953?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>pbr4ne</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/pbr4ne/there-was-time-now/commits?author=pbr4ne" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#design-pbr4ne" title="UI Design">🎨</a><a href="#ideas-pbr4ne" title="Game Design">🤔</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://jamesfunfer.com"><img src="https://i.postimg.cc/zDjhDgBP/jf.jpg" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>James Funfer</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#narrative-jfunfer" title="Narrative">🖋</a><a href="#ideas-jfunfer" title="Game Design">🤔</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
